what types of graphs can we do a topological sort?

A directed acylic graph 

Difference btween topological sort and DFS? 

DFS prints vertex and moves on to the next child. Top sort also considers other vertices that don't have incomming edges. Those vertices should come before vetices with incoming edges.

What data structure is used to assist with a topological sort algorithm?

A directed acyclic graph 

Explain TCP and why is it necessary? 

Transimission control protocol 

TCP checks to see that all necessary peices of information have arrived at the needed loation.
Dtermines that something has all the needed data before running it. 
If not, it sends out a request for data again. 
Ensures good quality when using data. 

When is using IIFE necessary?

Immediately Invoked Fnction Express 

When you want to:
attach private data to a function 
create fresh enviroments 
avoid polluting global namespace 

What is the syntax for an IIFE?

(Function definition)(function declaration)

Why make AJAX call in component did mount?

To load data into your componenent

what is the time complexity of dijkstra's algorithm?

O(Elog(V))

Explain steps of Dijkstra shortest-path algorithm

Will have 3 set: paths, distance from start, heap 
1. Heap will have all vertices with distance initiated at infinity and source vertex initiated at 0. 

The following is repeated/modified depending on source vertex: 
2. extract min distance from heap and put in distance set 
3. explore all neighbors and modify distance/ add edge 
if a new distance is smaller, replace that and new edge 
Repeat until heap is empy

what are the benefits of UDP over TCP? What are the shortcomings?

Benefits: 
small packet sizes 
no connection to create and maintain 
more control over when data is sent 

Bad Things: 
deosn't rectify errors 
will cram a bynch of data when a lot is taken in 
doesn't gaurantee in order delivery 
no deliver acknowledgemnts 

what is a datagram?
A basic transfer unit assoiated with a packet-switched network (method of grouping data when transferred over digital newwork)

what is the risk we fac ewhen using == vs ===? 

== compares equality with coercion which turns the compared elements to a convenient type, which could yeild unexpected results. 

How odes use strict affect the value of this?

The will be undefined (provided it is not in an object). this.name would result in an error.

Without use strict, what is the value of this inside a name or anonymous function? 

It will be the global object (like the window in a browser)